# Forecasting COVID-19 spread using graph neural network models

https://khu.dcollection.net/srch/srchDetail/200000654984

COVID-19 has changed in numerous ways over the past two years since the first SARS-CoV-2 case was discovered in December 2019. These changes are attributed to the complex relationships between viruses, humans, vaccines, policies, and regions, and the epidemiological characteristics of COVID-19 need to be accounted for to evaluate continuous policy responses. Prior to explaining the spread of COVID-19, several prediction methodologies ignored spatial correlations and relied solely on time data. We used the methodology of the graph neural network (GNN) to consider the historical patterns of time series and the relationship between regions. Through prediction performance that reflects temporal and spatial dynamics, we can explain the spread of infection in a specific region as a 1 to 2 hop neighborhood. Consequently, the mean absolute error and root mean squared error of approximately 30% in first period (January 19, 2020 to June 24, 2021) and 10% in second period (January19, 2020 to November 24, 2021), respectively, could be reduced compared to those for the long short-term memory methodology used as the baseline. In this study, geospatial data and COVID-19 confirmed case data from January 2020 to December 2021, provided by the Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, were integrated. By characterizing the spatiotemporal effect of corona diffusion, a regional network is established, and the extent to which each network can explain the diffusion is predicted using a GNN. GNN can be extended to study the spread of other diseases with spatial features as well as COVID-19. Because the results of the GNN vary slightly depending on which network you use, it is important to construct a network that reflects reality well.

